The victims were all charged with a serious murder,
but they were found innocent.
The police can't establish justice in the society,
which is why the culprit is doing it himself.
Stenographer?
It's someone who's in the court...
and knows every specific detail about the case.
But it's not up to us to kill him or let him live.
It's up to me to punish guys like this.
The law can't do its job, so the world is going insane.
My head really hurts.
You'll feel happy.
Take your time, and look around.
A woman was found murdered at a show house.
The killer lured them there.
The killer used the utensils in the kitchen to cook and drink.
He even put in bath bombs to take a bath...
as if that was his home.
The killer may obsess over such fantasies and ideals.
Look into whether there were any similar cases in the past.
(Episode 17)
Hurry up. Why are you still there?
Why did the culprit choose a show house?
It could be because it's easy to commit a crime here.
Show houses are not guarded as well as we think they are.
They are mostly temporary buildings,
and not many of them have permits to use surveillance cameras.
They are owned by the construction company,
but in fact, they are open to the public.
It's possible that the culprit works for the construction company.
He could be a worker at the show house.
There'd be a lot of people who have access to the show house.
There are real estate agents, workers of the construction company,
people who come to visit, and the people who promote.
The password is probably "0000" or "1234".
That means we have a wide range of suspects.
Undigested food was found from the victim's stomach.
It means the victim had a meal with the culprit here.
The victim would have been attacked here suddenly.
Yes, that's true.
There was evidence of that right here.
There should have been bloodstains all over the place.
But the floor is clean without any traces.
Team Manager Kang,
In the similar incident that happened two months ago,
the culprit left the victim...
and left the scene.
The culprit also left bloodstains behind.
It's highly likely that the murder was impulsive, not planned.
The victim's belongings and bag have been ransacked.
But it's also possible that it was done on purpose...
to make it look like robbery.
On the other hand, the crime scene of the second murder...
shows no sign of murder and was left clean.
Do you really think that these were committed by the same culprit?
The type of victims, the way he kills these victims,
and the fact that he kills in show houses...
can be his signatures.
We should think of them as murders committed by the same culprit.
Yes.
There are a lot of cases in which, after an impulsive...
and accidental murder, the culprit could not forget...
what it felt to kill someone and committed murder again.
That's what happened in Jang Gi Tae's shooting incident.
Hey, are you crazy?
Team Manager Kang, I've been searching for similar cases.
A week before the first incident,
there was a similar assault incident.
The victims was Park Ji Sun, 28 years old.
She was working at an on-site massage center at that time.
After she refused a man who tried to drag her into a show house,
she was beaten up severely before she managed to run away.
Who were the suspects?
Based on the victim's testimonies,
they looked into laborers or workers near the show house,
but they didn't find anyone suspicious.
One week later, the culprit committed murder,
and then he started killing again two months later.
After an impulsive murder,
the culprit would have gotten scared.
But after seeing that the police could not find him,
he would have regained his confidence.
That means it's possible that his pattern could speed up.
I need to meet the victim. Call her.
Yes, sir.
When the forensics arrived,
the water in the bathtub was still warm.
That means the culprit stayed here until early in the morning.
It was estimated that the victim was murdered between 12am and 1am.
That means the culprit killed the woman, tidied up the mess,
and enjoyed his bath during that time.
Something does not add up.
He left the body in the sink...
and enjoyed his bath.
That means he wasn't afraid to leave traces behind.
But he cleaned up the bloodstains.
A show house...
is the manifestation of the perfect home.
The killer may obsess over such fantasies and ideals.
What if it wasn't the bloodstain that the culprit had cleaned up?
The culprit could have cleaned up because the house had gotten dirty.
He wouldn't have wanted...
his perfect space to be left dirty.
After the incident, Park Ji Sun hasn't been out a lot.
She has been diagnosed with PTSD,
and she is still receiving psychotherapy.
She only agreed to meet us...
after she heard there had been more victims.
But I don't know if this could work.
Let's go.
Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.
I know it's hard,
but can you tell us about what happened?
Hoon, do you want to buy some snacks from the store?
Yes, Mom.
I'll buy the candy that you like too.
That day,
I received a call for the first time in a while.
I had been sick because of cold,
but I went anyway.
(Seoul, Dalnam-gu, Dae 3-dong, 83-3)
I hesitated.
That wasn't...
a normal place to be.
While I was standing there,
a man wearing a cap came out.
He told me to follow him.
He said this was the place.
Wait, this is not your house.
Wait.
How did you get out of the show house?
I don't know.
I wasn't thinking straight.
I just wanted to live.
I begged him not to kill me.
If I think about it now,
I think he might have just let me go.
I don't know.
Is there a special reason why you think so?
I'm not sure, but...
This is just my guess,
but I think it was because of my son.
Your son?
Please don't kill me. I have a son.
I'm the only one he has. He will starve to death without me.
Please don't kill me. Please. Please!
Please!
(My angel, Hoon)
Please help me! Please.
Help me.
Please help me!
Please help me! Help me!
Help me.
Do you...
remember anything about the culprit?
There was nothing special.
I already told the police about this.
It's all right.
You can tell us anything you remember.
He wasn't dressed up nicely.
He was wearing an old jacket.
I noticed a lot of dirt on his sneakers.
I think he had a stutter as well.
I could smell alcohol too.
He had something in his hand,
and he kept on fiddling with it.
Do you remember what it was?
It was something I've never seen before.
It looked like a weight.
It was pointy. It kind of resembled a bullet.
I'm not entirely sure,
but I think...
there was a hook of some kind.
A weight with a hook?
Yes. It was made out of metal.
Hold on.
Does it look like this?
I think that's it.
It's a plumb.
It's used to level structures.
It's often used on construction sites.
Yes, I understand.
Sir, the result is out from the NFS.
On both the culprit's wine glass and the victim's hair,
they found a designer drug of the amphetamine family.
Let's see.
This is the newest popular drug, flakka.
It causes extreme delirium and induces violent behavior.
It's also called the "zombie drug".
It's expensive compared to other drugs,
so most of the deals are made online.
(National Criminal Investigation)
I looked into the lives of victims Yoo Ah Young and Lee Jin Hee.
I think I know how they were related to the suspect.
They were big spenders compared to their earnings.
They were working part-time as dating partners.
They usually met through a website called Date Mate.
They call it a date mate,
but it's obvious prostitution is involved.
Are there overlapping customers between the two victims?
I looked into that already.
There were no overlapping numbers or online accounts.
They likely used a fake number...
or they could have signed in with a hidden IP address.
The culprit chose female targets through the profiles online,
then he lured them in.
Let's go through all the cases up to now.
To the culprit, the show house...
must have been a place where he could fill with fantasies.
In the perfect space,
he would spend time with a woman of his type.
But once that fantasy broke, he would kill the woman.
The type of victims he chose...
will likely be related to the type of woman that cause him trauma.
It could be his mother, wife, or a girlfriend.
He would fall into a fantasy there,
thinking that he could create the perfect family.
Just for that night, he'll think of the place as his sweet home.
The show house.
Hye Bin.
According to Park Ji Sun's testimony and the crime pattern,
I think it's likely that the suspect works in construction.
He could be one of the workers that assisted...
with making the show house.
He's looking for his own method through the murders.
The first murder was impulsive,
while you can see aspects that were planned for the second.
There's another thing to note.
During the second murder, he took drugs.
He committed murder under the influence.
However, we didn't find traces of drugs in the first case.
Park Ji Sun told us that she could smell alcohol.
He was probably drunk at that time as well.
He must have searched for something stronger.
If he's becoming addicted to drugs,
then his urge to kill will go beyond our control.
Which means he'll commit another murder soon.
However, it won't be easy for him to murder in the same way.
If he doesn't give up his fantasies,
then he won't give up the space which makes up the hallucinations.
It might not be a show house,
but he'll commit murder in a similar environment.
You're right. He might change his pattern,
but he won't give up on his fantasies.
(Apartments for sale or lease)
(Dating Agency)
(Han Ji Young has entered the chatting room.)
(It's 150 dollars for 2 hours. You have to pay extra for options.)
(Apartments for sale or lease)
Look at that.
You have great style.
I love it. Let's go.
Where?
My house.
This place...
seems a little strange.
If it's okay with you, can we go to a hotel?
Why bother when I have an apartment?
I'll pay you extra instead of the hotel. Let's go.
Okay.
Are you coming?
Yes, I'm coming.
Do you live here?
There's nothing in here.
My stuff hasn't come yet.
What?
- Sit here for a minute. - Pardon?
Okay. By the way...
Excuse me.
Where did you go?
What's wrong? Is something bothering you?
Pardon? No...
Do you think...
we can go out to date?
I need to go to the convenience store.
I have a bad headache.
I'll be quick.
Hold on.
Do you not like it here?
Yes, sir.
Building 104 is almost finished.
No, of course not.
I put it on the sink so that they can't take it off.
Please don't kill me.
Please let me live.
Please don't kill me. Please.
Of course.
I haven't even started.
You can't die just yet.
I'll kill you if you make any sound.
You scared me.
- Who are you? - I'm...
I'm from the real estate nearby.
I heard they're moving the show house.
- Let me just put this on. - Wait.
I'll put it on. Give it to me.
Here.
Okay.
- Hello? - Police. May I help you?
Hello?
Go ahead. Hello?
(Apartments for sale or lease)
He had a part-time job...
going around the complex and putting on flyers.
I think it was done by the same culprit.
He used a tool in the site again,
and murdered by striking with it.
No other evidence is found...
besides the dead body and the tool used for the murder.
(Date Mate)
There's a record of accessing a dating website.
He used the same way to lure the victim.
The victim's appearance is different this time.
It means the action's more important than the target...
or while he was choosing the target,
he couldn't endure the urge to kill.
He left without cleaning the site...
as if his purpose was to kill.
It wasn't enough to fulfill his fantasy.
There was a variable that he didn't expect.
I checked the amount of water and electricity.
It's found that it was used for two weeks.
The culprit doesn't have a house.
He keeps moving from a place to place like this.
When the security at the show house tightened up,
he chose this place as his scene of crime.
- Hello? - Team Manager Kang.
I checked all the surveillance camera nearby.
I think I found the man Park Ji Sun testified.
I'm tracing the surveillance cameras.
The last place he was captured...
was the overpass construction site in Jungwoon 7-dong.
There's a record of him going towards the hill.
Are there unsold apartments in that area?
No. That's a redevelopment area. Everyone moved out,
and the whole town's empty.
It's annoying because it's full of teenage runaways and the homeless.
I'll go check. Come with me please.
Yes.
I'll call you if I find anything.
If...
the culprit is homeless,
how did he manage to pay...
those women?
If the first murder was impulsive and accidental,
there's a possibility he could've...
committed a crime beforehand to get money.
What we must do right now is finding a suspect.
A wandering suspect is dangerous.
Reveal the results we have so far to the public,
and let's get informants.
Yes, sir.
You'll find homeless people over there.
Let's go.
Excuse me.
I have a question.
Have you seen this person?
It's blur. I can't see anything.
Buy me a drink or something before you ask.
I'm searching for a murder suspect.
Put it down.
Now!
We're searching for a suspect related to the recent...
show house murder case.
Please listen to the following carefully,
and if it matches the person we're looking for,
please call the number below.
The suspect we're looking for...
wanders around with no place to stay.
It's highly likely that he worked as a day laborer on construction sites,
or any jobs similar to it.
By the way, Kim Jin Young wanted to thank you.
He said...
his relationship with his wife's gotten better thanks to you.
Don't mention it.
It was possible because they took an active role in counseling.
He could've been violent unpredictably.
He shows an obsession towards...
a shelter like a house or a show house.
He could've wandered around the area,
- What's wrong? - or looked inside.
- Mr. Kang. What's wrong? - If you see anyone similar...
to the composite sketch, please contact us.
Where did you get this?
It looks interesting.
I just picked it up on a street.
Then what's this?
Why do you have the murder victims' belongings?
What?
This is all his.
This isn't mine.
What's his name?
Mr. Kang.
I don't know his name. We call them by his last name.
I'm not lying. I only know his last name.
By the way...
why are you looking for this guy?
He's a suspect of three murder cases.
What?
Murder?
Where's he now?
I don't know. I really don't know.
He asked me to watch this...
until he comes back.
He asked me to watch this. I'm serious.
He just asked you to watch it?
Yes.
Then why did you run away?
Did you steal?
Look, Han Gi Cheol.
If you don't tell me the truth,
you'd be considered as an accomplice to this crime.
I mean...
he cherished this.
I became curious, so...
I was only trying to see what's inside.
That's all.
Did he...
really commit the murder...
that happened a few days ago?
Do you know anything?
It's just that he doesn't look like the type.
Never mind.
There's a witness who saw Han Gi Cheol in the homeless shelter.
Any other calls?
We keep getting calls,
but they were just men who looked similar.
These people had no houses,
so the informants didn't know much about them.
Team Manager Kang, we received a report from the construction site.
Call Sun Woo and take her with you.
Yes, sir.
(Apartment Construction Site)
Wait a moment. Where did I put the file with the personal data?
Yes, it's him.
His name is Kang Tae Soo.
He used to work here until a few months ago.
Why did you think it was him?
One of the laborers here told me...
he looked a little similar.
So I was reminded of him.
By the way, he was a little strange.
Hey, what are you doing to someone else's house?
It's nothing.
Gosh, I think it's nearly over.
Aren't you going home?
I will.
Gosh.
The view is so nice here.
You can move in now.
Who is this?
Whenever we built a house,
he acted as if it were his house.
He drank a lot too.
So I couldn't have him keep working for me anymore.
All right.
I checked his personal details, but his registration number is wrong.
Some daily workers often...
write down fake numbers.
They all have their stories.
So we just let them be.
Team Manager Kang.
All right.
If I find something, I'll call you.
Okay.
(Pictures from the Crime Scene)
The first incident shows that he was impulsive,
but the second incident shows that the murder was planned.
What is it?
- Team Manager Kang, - Yes?
Someone is here saying that the culprit is his younger brother.
Are you sure it's your brother?
Yes, I think it's my brother.
Here.
- I'm Kang Ki Hyung. - I'm Kang Dong Joo.
Team Manager Kang.
His name is Kang Dong Min.
Where is he?
To be honest, I was looking for him.
Until a few months ago, he often called me.
I didn't know that he lived on the streets.
But...
are you sure my brother is the culprit?
It's true that he is the most likely suspect as of now.
Is there a reason why you think it's him?
We used to move around a lot since we were young.
Dong Joo, Dad makes houses, right?
But why don't we have a house of our own?
I heard that we will move soon.
Give one to me, Mom.
Mom always said that she was sick of her life.
- One day, she left home. - Dong Joo,
do these lights come from houses?
Yes. Do you see the apartment over there?
Dad told me...
that we will live in one of those houses.
That's exciting! Will we have beds?
We finally got a leased apartment,
and we were going to move there.
I found out later...
- that Mom had stolen the money... - Dad.
- and run away with another man. - Dad.
Dad.
- Dad committed suicide. - Dad.
- Dad. - We barely survived.
My family...
was destroyed so quickly.
Maybe that's why he's obsessed with houses.
He could have thought that Mom had run away...
and Dad had committed suicide because we didn't have a house.
After that,
Dong Min seemed to be lost.
When did you last see your brother?
10 days ago.
I heard he was around Mohyeon-dong, so I went there.
It was too dark to see,
but someone...
Someone was watching me.
I think that was Dong Min.
- Team Manager Kang, - Yes.
I had Ms. Park check Park Dong Min's face...
with his picture.
I think he was the culprit.
Give out his identifications and pictures...
and make sure to increase surveillance around Mohyeon-dong,
where the homeless are staying.
Yes, sir.
Excuse me,
do you know who he is?
Yes.
I saw him a week ago.
He was wearing the same clothes.
Gosh.
Mister, grab the bottle and come here.
Let's drink together.
What?
Didn't he say anything?
I asked him to pick it up,
but he glared at me and went away.
Before that, he couldn't even look me in the eye.
He seemed to have earned some money as he looked great.
I was shocked...
when I found out that he had killed three people.
Excuse me.
What is that person doing?
He's just telling people what to do.
The cross means...
that the church in this village gives out good food.
The triangle means that there's a patrol around there.
We try to help each other out by giving signs.
What's that sign next to the cross?
That's not our sign.
Some weird guy must have drawn that to confuse us.
It looks like a plumb.
The murderer left a mark...
to show that it's his house wherever he stayed.
If we follow these marks,
we might be able to find Kang Dong Min's whereabouts.
Yes, Team Manager Kang.
We found a mark left behind by Kang Dong Min.
Yes. Understood.
Why are you investigating this?
The NFS already checked and found out that the DNA...
belongs to Kang Dong Min.
A car black box also captured him coming in here.
There was a soju bottle and a burnt butane gas container.
Kang Dong Min must have ran out of money,
so he was trying to find a replacement for the drugs.
That is what the police assumed.
Most fires spread from the point of origin by following oxygen.
However, what's left here...
looks like the fire engulfed the place instantly, then went out.
The fire started over there,
but the fire went out as fast as it spread.
It's gasoline.
Someone had sprayed gasoline all over here.
Team Manager Kang.
At the scene of the first murder two months ago,
the murderer left the victim as she was...
and fled the scene.
The blood stains were all there.
It's likely that the crime was impulsive and unplanned.
Meanwhile, the second murder...
didn't leave a trace. It was perfectly controlled.
Do you really think they're the same person?
There's something else that's different.
The murderer of the second case took drugs...
and committed the crime while being under the influence.
However, we didn't find any traces of drugs in the first one.
This time, the victim's characteristics are different.
Yes.
Sir, Nana found something.
September 3.
Some homeless people had a fight near an underground passage.
I was searching for something else in the region...
when I coincidentally noticed this on CCTV.
I thought it was a little strange, so I retrieved the video.
Do you see that?
The man in black with a knife is Han Gi Cheol.
The one with the hat is Kang Dong Min.
It says September 3rd, which is 55 days ago from today.
It's just four days after the first murder in the show house.
But if you look at the footages of Kang Dong Min take later...
It doesn't look like he was injured.
That's right.
Something is off.
As soon as we found out his address, there was a fire.
What if someone is behind it and is controlling everything?
Do you remember what Kang Dong Jun looked like when he came to us?
His eyes were red.
His lips were parched. He kept on drinking water.
He kept on wiping the sweat from his palms.
Those are common characteristics of a drug addict.
- That means... - My goodness.
Send this to Hyun Jun.
Look into Kang Dong Jun again.
Family relations, properties,
drug dealings,
and even where he lives.
Yes, sir.
You two, come with me.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Yes.
We found evidence of arson...
where they found the body of Kang Dong Min.
Pardon?
I see.
I'll call you after I check.
I looked into what you requested.
Kang Dong Jun is currently going through a divorce.
It looks like there were a lot of problems between them.
They filed a lawsuit for property division.
However, he's in a lot of debt,
so their house is already no longer with them.
Okay. Great job.
Okay.
Sir, Kang Dong Jun is currently at a consultation center.
Could it have been him all along?
I think it's his brother Kang Dong Min who committed the first murder.
However, for some reason,
he could no longer commit crimes.
Because a few days later, Kang Dong Min was injured by a knife.
Kang Dong Jun must have found his dying brother...
and realized that he committed murder.
That's probably when he started his plan.
He acted like his dead brother...
and committed the same crimes.
He must have copied his brother up to the second one.
He chose his victims...
because of his hatred towards his mother.
That way, the police would continue to chase the dead Kang Dong Min.
After that, Kang Dong Jun became confident.
From the third murder,
he chose his own targets...
and changed the location to empty apartments.
The victims were probably similar to his wife.
That's when the case turned public.
Since he couldn't hide anymore, he came to us.
He made us find traces of Kang Dong Min...
and started a fire to close the case.
The brothers grew up in the same environment,
so they shared the same trauma.
They both must have suffered the urge to murder.
Unlike how he seemed,
Kang Dong Jun's current life wasn't that much different from Dong Min.
We were...
chasing a ghost all this time.
(Cozy Psychology Consultation Center)
Come in.
I heard that you were coming.
Yes. Here.
I forgot to give this to you last time.
When we were young,
our father gave this to Dong Min as a present.
You didn't have to bring it yourself. Thank you.
It's nothing. I was just passing by.
Please sit down.
Okay.
You must be heartbroken.
I'm okay.
When I think of the victims,
I feel guilty thinking of being heartbroken.
You seem to be close with your family.
Yes. My son loves to follow me around.
It's really tiring.
Your wife is beautiful.
Thank you.
Then...
is the case closed now?
It turns out that the fire could have been arson.
We're under investigation.
It'll be closed soon.
Arson?
Does that mean someone purposefully started a fire?
It's only a possibility for now.
If it turns out to be true,
that means the person could be an accomplice.
That's what we're focusing on...
in our investigation.
I see.
We'll let you know if we find anything.
You must be busy. We'll get going.
Okay.
Kang Dong Jun started to react.
It looked like he wanted to ask more about it, but stopped himself.
He'll now take action.
He could destroy evidence if there's any.
That's the moment we're aiming for.
I already told you everything.
Look closely.
Do you want to be responsible for all murdered women?
No. No.
I'm sorry.
I didn't do it on purpose.
(Cozy Counseling Center)
Honey, it's me.
Why did you hang up?
Don't yell. I'm not asking you to put the child on the phone.
Did you get any calls looking for me?
It's not about money.
It's nothing like that!
I said... Hello?
Hello? Hey! Hey!
Darn it.
Darn it. Darn it!
Your mother left you a piece of property before she died.
You need consent from your sibling to sell it.
- Property? - Yes.
Excuse me. Do you know this person?
Hello. I'm looking for this person.
Hello. I'm looking for someone.
- His name is... - Go away.
Hello. Sorry to bother you. I'm looking for someone.
I'm looking for this person. Have you seen him?
No.
What...
Dong Min.
Is that you?
What are you doing here?
Get up. Let's go.
Let's go with me.
Dong Jun.
I killed someone.
I just wanted to spend a night...
in the house that I built,
but they neglected me.
So...
Dong Jun.
I...
never...
felt...
alive.
Dong Min.
Dong Min. Open your eyes.
Dong Min. Get up, Dong Min.
Dong Min. Dong Min.
Hey, Dong Min.
Look at me!
(I think of that all day long. That's why I came up with a plan.)
(Cozy Counseling Center)
[VIU Ver] Episode 17 Criminal Minds
-= Ruo Xi =-
(3 months' rent overdue. Please call.)
Hey.
You promised to pay the rent by this week.
- Yes. - Give me the rent.
Excuse me.
(I think of that all day long. That's why I came up with a plan.)
This is the first murder Kang Dong Min committed.
Then you committed...
the next one...
by acting like your brother.
Am I correct?
He doesn't admit it.
They were in a place where they couldn't get out of,
but they never realized it themselves.
Why did you kill him?
Who's this?
I told you already.
I was only keeping his stuff for him.
Then did you kill your own brother?
What?
Did you think...
your brother was better off dead?
Is that why you killed your brother...
and committed murders under his identity?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Do you think your life's any better?
Think about it.
Are you any better than your brother?
You're renting a place in a small mountain town.
You lost your small salary in the stock market.
You can't even support your family for months now.
You can't even afford to send your children to kindergarten,
so you stay at home...
Stop it.
No. Listen to me.
I only got started.
This is who you really are.
You physically abused...
your children regularly.
Not only that, you do drugs and have delusional disorder...
that you secretly check on your wife.
I said I don't want to hear it.
You just...
wanted to escape the dump you're living in.
Am I wrong?
Did you enjoy watching drugged women beg you...
to save their lives?
Shut your mouth.
I could rip it out.
Yes, this is it.
This is the real you.
You...
just wanted to kill people.
Didn't you?
Don't hide like a coward and tell me...
that's why you killed people.
Shut your mouth, you scum!
What do you know?
What do you know about the reason why I killed them?
Kang Dong Jun,
listen to me carefully.
Just like what you said,
you're just a lowlife murderer.
Hey.
Wait there.
Wait!
Hey!
What do you know?
- You don't know anything. - I have the primary DNA results.
Several bloodstains of recent victims were found from...
Kang Dong Min's clothes that Kang Dong Jun was wearing.
It's clear that he committed the crime.
But he doesn't seem to repent.
(I feel worn out every day. It's so exhausting.)
"Good did not separate..."
"happy families from unhappy families."
"But men cannot..."
"free themselves from them."
Fyodor Dostoevsky.
The culprit raped the victims multiple times.
Can you tell me about what happened last night?
When I close my eyes, I can see his face.
There's a witness to the message.
The culprit made the victim see his face...
and expressed his violent anger.
What does that mean?
The culprit will be choosing his next target.
We need to move before he does.
Promise me that you will arrest him.
I promise.